Finalize workflow output definition (#5185)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/config.md

`workflow.onError`
: Specify a closure that will be invoked if a workflow run is terminated. See {ref}`workflow-handlers` for more information.

`workflow.output.contentType`
: *Currently only supported for S3.*

> : Specify the media type a.k.a. [MIME type](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_Types) of published files (default: `false`). Can be a string (e.g. `'text/html'`), or `true` to infer the content type from the file extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Specify the media type, also known as [MIME type](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_Types), of published files (default: `false`). Can be a string (e.g. `'text/html'`), or `true` to infer the content type from the file extension.
```
